#2847 - Edit loading in profiles section of CONTRIBUTING.md (#2976)
firefox-devtools/profiler: CONTRIBUTING.md

The web app doesn't include any performance profiles by default, so you'll need to load some in. Make sure the local Webpack web server is running, and then try one of the following:

 #### 1. Record a profile: 
 - Open `about:config` in Firefox.
 - Change `devtools.performance.recording.ui-base-url` to `http://localhost:4242`. Or to the localhost with the proper port you have configured.

>  - Ensure the profiler menu button is active by clicking the button on the profiler.firefox.com homepage to enable it.

Reviewer: Previously we had a link on "profiler.firefox.com", can you please add it back?

Author: > Thanks, I really like the new structure.
> I gave a few small suggestions to make it even clearer, tell me what you think!

@julienw Thank you, glad to hear that! Changes have been made as requested. Thanks for the feedback. 👍

 - Record a profile using the menu button, and it should open up in your local environment automatically.

 #### 2. Use an existing profile:

>  - On the web, replace the https://profiler.firefox.com with your existing profile URL.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
 - On the web, replace the https://profiler.firefox.com with your local server, usually http://localhost:4242.
```

>  - Alternatively, if a profile has been previously downloaded, drag and drop it to the loading screen (this may hinder refreshing).

Reviewer: Another suggestion:
```suggestion
 - Alternatively, if a profile has been previously downloaded, drag and drop it to the loading screen. Compared to the previous solution, refreshing won't work with this solution.
```
